I'll ask you whether or not you had far a conference with the Chief of the Chief of the
Commander I am and send the McCarthy on the other.
I think that's correct.
That's not sure that it was sent to McCarthy as I understand it over that weekend,
when McCarthy was in Maine.
I don't know when he was due back.
I didn't know then when he was new back and Mr. Cohen had given up the invitations
and how upset he was and he didn't be able to send him to McCarthy with us.
So, I think that's the reason why he let me to breathe back, which is because
he made a fast information on Mr. Stevens and that we thought that was
a reason to touch his self-derived made a call to Mr. Cohen.
Instead, we can't get together some way.
And so, my call to Mr. Cohen was to be effected.
We'll come and see you if you want to come to the office.
That statement of November 13th was correct.
You're done believe it wasn't yes, sir?
You were on firm ground.
But actually, these two of three conversations with Mr. Cohen knew
it's a direction of the Secretary of the Army.
Call Mr. Cohen in New York and ask for our hand was given an appointment with
Senator McCarthy, where you're not.
Now, this code says that he's come to Washington the next day to talk it over.
This is not the next day.
The Secretary of the Army has taken all the lab we agreed to go to New York on the
second.
We decided to go to New York.
You, the Attorney Council and the Secretary of the Army, then go to New York
the next day for the brother of the Secretary of the Army to respect this
first relief that he's there to save the facts.
Yes, sir.
That was for the purpose of modifying a placating of a chairman of this investigating
committee.
Wasn't it that?
But thankfully, yes.
No cabinet officer cares to have open hostility with the chairman of this committee.
Is it going to be ready?
Well, sir, you were carrying all these businesses.
You didn't care whether you carried them off.
So do you say you're not.
You say you're on firm ground.
You follow those things, sir, to advise these youths and may head them to the United
Army.
Leave your duties here in Washington.
I'm going to New York City for the purpose of conferring with this matter.
Well, one of the things that we were made aware of as a result of those weekend conversations
and that conversation on Monday was the fact that Mr. Steven Chapman made a
mandatory that the committee have open hearing of.
For the purpose of proving the death deny and the method of the type of hearings which
were outlined, we're not the type that we were enthusiastic about because it just came
to us.
They've been outlined for it before.
So what would you like?
Came to us if they would be a lot of in New England.
There were inferences as to the existence of death deny and there would be considerable
ways in the minds of many people and these and they would either seem sort of both in hearing
that had been outlined to us as a luncheon of November 6th.
We weren't enthusiastic about them and then there was the second factor that that
Senator McCarthy was chairman of this powerful committee and therefore Mr.
Steven and Senator McCarthy had been very friendly, very good friend.
Mr. Steven did not want to because the rupture of that friendship,
nor did he want to have open hospital at the age between the Senate's
committee on government operations or the Senate investigation subcommittee on the
one hand and the other part of the army on the other.
That's a natural reaction.
These are the golden and New York and these and the McCarthy and the Trump.
And that's the new government in New York and the process of Senator McCarthy not
sending the facts to it on fire and down the Metro East of November 13th.
Representative Steven, you made a different statement to the President.
Mr. Steven, Mr. Steven, from now, Mr. Adam, you and Mr. Steven are a main
defeat in this thing and you so desire to serve.
Yes, yes, yes.
And whatever you do with Steven's discharge of all these, we read all that down.
In your official committee?
In my official committee.
Yes, but I'm not talking about your personal outside, that's too particular activity.
And vice versa.
That's too easy.
Yes, very well.
And so it's different.
Relief was given to the President.
Yes, yes.
Well, Mr. Adam, was in fact a peon.
Well, I don't know if everybody was interested in differently.
I met Steven here in their position.
If wasn't or not, in your opinion.
Well, Mr. Steven contended that he had been wrongly quoted by the press.
And he stated that on the 13th of November, he had stated to the extent that he had made
statements to the effects of the Army and he was no current at the night.
And he contended that when it was reported, the inference is gone from the newspaper stories
where there was no current at the night.
And when he talked to the press as a conclusion of the day on November 7th, he refused.
But the Army knew of no current at the night.
And he did not know what the credit is.
Mr. Adam, you know General Land for days, he did not.
Yes, sir.
He is one of the outstanding generals in your opinion in the Army, isn't he?
Yes, he is.
He is a fine officer.
And a man of 40 seems.
I have no last.
I have great admiration for him.
I say he's a strong character.
He's a thief of me, yes, sir.
How did you all know we were relations?
Yes, sir.
And told you that China has been there for a long weekend, by its prescibe time, and the
D-Roy, through Rhyme, was not going to grant you to told you that, didn't he?
Yes, sir.
You then went to talk to Secretary of State about it, didn't you?
I think my first statement told me that I think that's fine.
Well, it's sickle up to you.
And the reason I say that is that this indication that I had two telephone calls with General
Rhyme, within a matter of about two minutes, and then I talked to him again about an hour
and a half later.
And you did claim to resign, didn't you?
I said, I did.
And you did claim to take a new proof, very.
No, it wasn't that I said to you, but your decision, General, anything you say goes.
But then I decided I'd better tell Mr. Stevens about it.
Well, I think General Rhyme told me on the telephone that this old, serious, psychologic
training had not started with that.
I think it started a few days later, the following week.
And during this period, subsequent due to his induction, he was on the post in kind of a
holding statement, which I think most new inductees considered to be an interferers-air
concern, the latter English work.
They do K.C. and they will delete the area.
They do not do basic training.
And that was the status that they trained within at that time.
So I did go to this decision.
I did tell him that this request had come to General Rhyme and General Rhyme would
incline due to refuse this.
I told him all, and then this student's asking whether or not his training had started.
And I told him that it was my understanding that it had not.
On that basis, Mr. Stevens stated, well, as long as his training has not started.
And in view of the fact that we have only just fixed up this press confrontation, as long
as the committee has indicated they wanted for the committee business, I think that it
has passed.
So I told General Rhyme up until.
Well, what are the reasons?
And you gave given reasons.
Committee business has always been the reason, as far as we knew.
You counter-mandit the decision has done a rise.
Yes, sir.
That was not the reason, but.
I have told you the circumstances of the business.
That was that for the purposes.
The story of preserving a good relationship with men and women with cards, is the counter-mandit
the order of this fine General Rhyme for the commission.
Well, of course it was for the purpose of preserving a good relationship with the committee.
The request was made to it that the man was wanted for committee business.
It was not the logic of the Committee General Rhyme for Dick, and he was not in his training
cycle, and the secretary had stated that he would try and make the soldier available when
it did not interfere with his dreams.
The Sadams don't you know as a matter of fact that General Rhyme was advised by you and by
the secretary.
The bear was alive at Fort Dick's on November 10th, they tried it and invested in battling
the T-rated giant, and that he was a member of the McCarthy Committee.
You got it, yes sir.
I am that on occasion when the General, when it was the Papa, the General was allowed him
weekend passes, even passes during the week for the Papa's.
I said in the chairman, I don't want to interrupt, but we were going to terminate the hearing
to 10 of 12, the pay respect to our beloved friends.
After that now and I respectfully request that we be allowed the press to the crowd in order
that we can be at the Tenant Floor at 12 o'clock.
We will turn it into a two-stop protection room.
The fact that we are always pleased to have our fellow citizens come in and watch the
processes of the Public Business Congressional Committee.
You are welcome here, but the committee has a standing rule that if there are any audible
manifestations of approval or disapproval at any time, the officers and the playing clothesmen
and the audience have standing instructions from the committee to politely escort from
the room without further instructions from the chair those who violate the conditions under which they
come.
I think I should also say injustice to the council for the benefit of those who may have come
in late who are not familiar with our committee rules.
All they yesterday he interrogated Mr. Adams on what he called direct testimony, which
just to help bring out and put into the records the accusations and the allegations that Mr.
Adams has to make.
The day he is cross examining him and his new role puts him in the first place as an
officer.
The governor who tries to bring out the facts helpful to Mr. Adams today he is endeavoring
to bring out the facts which are injurious to Mr. Adams and which will tend to attack his
case.
And those who hear only one, just of the hearing or the other are inclined to think that the
council has chosen so that he has a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Row and is working on one
of the other of those today is Dr. Jekyll.
You may proceed with the Dr. Jekyll's examination which may be coming the way.
The madam's I was asking you about whether or not you knew that General Ryan had been advised
that a pilot's ironing that he would soon arrive at Fort Dix for the name of G David Chan
Rehrez.
You don't always get to know that.
That fact did occur.
Yes, sir, I did not know of the advice to General Ryan on the occasion when the secretary
talked to him but I became aware of it sometime later that the secretary had talked to General
Ryan on the 3rd of November.
You know why it was necessary for the secretary of the Army to notify a general in the Army
and the commander-in-chief of a particular Army post that the time was opposing when he
had certain individuals and inducted with a rise while all the other people, the name of
this young man to the Bimstick Thou.
Well, it's my understanding, sir, that Mr. Staden's since that weekend at his home in
Wayne State of New Jersey, which is just 8 or 10 miles, both from Camp Kilmer and from
Fort Dix.
And that while he was there over the weekend, he stayed over to vote in the New Jersey election
on a good day and on Monday of that week he made a call on both folks.
And it's all for a secretary of the Army's order purpose of inspecting the party and one
of the things that he told General Ryan was that private time was due to a rise very shortly
at Fort Dix.
How many privates arrived at Fort on an average?
A day or a week?
Do you have any idea?
No, sir, I do not.
It's a very large hope.
And it's the basic training station.
I am guessing, but I suspect that they come in the neighborhood of the 10,000 a month.
I might be off by 60 percent, maybe 20,000 a month, maybe only 2000.
I said very large, but I don't know what it's done.
Several hundred each day, Mr. Hatton.
Yes, sir.
I would suspect on an average perhaps not every day, but there is a regular input from the
New York New Jersey area.
Assuming there were several hundred inductees arriving at Fort Dix these days, do you know
whether or not either you are the secretary, Everdiss, Mr. General Ryan, of the arrival
of any other inductee other than Sky?
I never did, sir.
I don't think the secretary did.
I can't speak for him.
But I don't think he did.
So that General Ryan was no doubt a prize, as the fact that here was something extra
special coming in the form of Sky.
Yes, sir.
Is that right?
And when General Ryan called you and told you that here was the young man who was running
a long weekend fight, and he didn't end his kiddie, you can tell me to the secretary
about this one inductee out of 30,000 for Dick and counter-mandated General's orders.
That is correct, sir.
I must qualify if I say that General Ryan did not say to me that the young man wanted
to pass, he stated that the committee had recruited a secretary on how long he can.
That was the committee that was investigating the army.
Yes, sir.
And that was an investigation about which you were either neutral or indifferent.
No, sir, I think I corrected that in different statements before.
No, that was an investigation in which we were participating, which we were very much
interested in, which had been continuing for a month or six weeks.
Committee, you said in which you were very interested.
That's correct, sir.
And I was, do you mean you're interested in continuing this investigation report, Mama?
Are in this continuing?
Well, I think you guys drag us a normal settle.
And I insist that you do it.
Well, very, is that continuing or in this continuing?
No, sir, I said, been continuing or discontinuing.
And I insist on a yes or no answer.
That's what he said.
You can't answer that.
The SNL, if you say continuing or just as well, say through that.
What's in this, madam?
You say that is what the committee is.
I'm talking about the McCarthy Investigating Committee.
And you said that you were interested in that committee.
Yes, sir.
I'm asking you if you were interested in that committee continuing on the one hand
that is in the investigation report, Mama?
Are in this continuing?
We were interested in a discontinuation of the sort of hearings that you've been going
on.
We were not interested.
We were not interested in doing a fair with the sort of investigation.
Very well.
Now you have spoken frequently today of the sort of hearings that we're going on.
And you say they met with you this approval?
What sort of hearings?
We're going on.
Well, the last, the hearings we've been going on between the eight-to-bottles and about
the fifth of November by the hearings to which I all is.
They had suspended subsequently the fifth of November and up to the eighteenth of November
there had been no further hearings.
But during the periods from early October until early November, there had been a period
of hearings in which there had been no paper accounts resulting from these executive hearings.
And the paper accounts seemed to us to be leaving an unfair impression of the existence
of SNI and an SNI network at Fort Mama.
It did not appear to us in the fact that the interrogation and the transcripts between
had been exactly borrowered in these paper stories which have resulted from and we felt
that in that respect to hearing from fair.
Then Mr. Adams is on our getting.
The thing that met with yours in the secretary's disaffoable was the type of newspaper public
disease that was flowing from the investigation.
Is that right?
From the hearings.
From the watch?
From the hearings?
Yes.
From the hearings, I was just a newspaper accounts of the hearings that were disaffoable
to you are a message of your disaffoable.
Well the hearings resulted in the newspaper accounts they were the same thing.
Each hearing was followed immediately by a press conference.
And the results of the hearings were reported to the press.
The press did not have available studios for transcripts and the use of the reports which
were given as the basis for the news story.
And they did not seem to up.
Is that?
They did seem to up to the Army who are being put in the bidet your were will.
They did seem to up to the Army who are that were coming in for a great deal of criticism
and the doubts and suspicions were being raised in the minds of many people and worried
and the people in the country based on the news stories.
Very well.
Now Mr. Adams will be lagged from the hearings.
The results of the hearings?
Yes.
Then are we to conclude now that it was not the hearings that were obnoxious to you.
It was the newspaper accounts of the hearings that were putting the morale of the Army.
Now are we right or are we wrong?
Well I think that is correct.
Now that's correct.
We've got an emergency right now.
Very well.
Now you've been talking about the type of hearings, Mr. Adams.
All morning, haven't you?
Yes.
And that's what you objected to.
Yes, sir.
Now you say that it's not the type of hearings that Senator McCarthy was conducting,
but the type of newspaper publicity.
Well, an indictment against the young ladies and gentlemen here today,
as well as other purvellers of the news.
A rather than against Senator McCarthy.
Now I'm right about that.
Are we wrong?
Well, I don't think you're right, sir.
Well, for this reason.
New paper reporters can report only what they can see or what they can hear.
They can report only what they're told.
And the newspaper reporters who attend this hearings can report to hearing assets,
but if the hearing were behind closed doors,
and if one individual were to leave the hearing, and were to report,
and there were no other sorts of information available to the newspapers.
The newspapers would all report exactly what that individual advised them had occurred.
The saddens are you saying that it's a meeting now that these newspaper reporters cannot and do not find out what goes on
but must the hands closed doors?
And any security service?
Sometimes they do. Sometimes they don't care.
All right, now that's better.
But it was the newspaper published in the Q-objection, too.
Now we'll be right about that, aren't we?
Well, I'd say the newspaper stories, Mr. Stevens, that the type of hearings,
the type of hearings on the newspaper stories were meldent practically into one.
Because the hearings were always followed immediately by a press conference.
And the press conference resulted in the newspaper stories.
The press conference was a part of the executive leaders.
Mr. Adams, if Senator McCarthy was successful in causing the distinction of 30 odds, security risks,
which fact was publicized to the American people?
Don't you think that it was a saluting policy for this nation to know that there were such a burden in the army?
And to know that we had an agent six, which by diligence and its expertise was able to fade out
and thinpoint them and cause this distinction.
Don't you agree with that, Mr. Adams?
I think with that, Mr. Adams.
It's a very long question, sir.
I think that's what you're asking me.
If I do, I agree that it's a good thing that every suspension is made public at the time it occurs.
And I can only answer that if that is the question, sir.
That is, at fundamental or at specific variance with the policy and the which,
the executive agency all have operated for as long as I have been in the government
because the programs and the primary objectives always and my recollection has been first to defy the person from sensitive work
if he is under any sort of a cloud of suspicion.
The demand to proceed to evaluate a state through hearing boards and through proper procedures,
make an ultimate decision on them and terminate his employment or reinstate him.
One of the reasons for that, sir, is that in many cases individuals who are suspended ultimately are reinstateed
and to announce publicly that an individual or a group of individuals have since descended
if these individuals are ultimately proved innocence does great disservice to them as individuals in some cases rectilize
and to be the primary purpose for the security and the administration of the loyalty program is to protect the innocent.
Now, among the 30 somehow people who were suspended, primary purpose was to protect the innocent,
the primary purpose of the security of the loyalty program is to protect the innocent.
Now, among the people who were suspended at Fort Monmouth, there have been about 10 who were reinstateed,
some of whom have been given full clearance.
Had we announced publicly who they were, we would have done into a referendum today forever
and each additional step designed for security and the administration of the loyalty program
whether you announce the numbers, whether you announce the name, just give all for the same purpose.
That is to administer the program in turn as whoever you place some hand, where the human state is being introduced.
I said about and have been reinstated and some have been given full security clearance.
Have any of the suspended employees ever been reinstated to which the defendant was reinstated?
But the Army alone on its own immediately?
Of those first, seven, six or seven?
Yes.
The answer is no.
So, well, has the Army, to your knowledge, ever suspended a risk that was later reinstated?
Yes, sir.
That does not distract, however, from the importance of your work in affecting the suspension that it does not.
Well, by the same token, it does not distract from the importance of Senator McCus's work not in bringing about a suspension of 30-odd employees that you're not attempting to minimize.
I am not.
The party discredited his committees.
When you say it's a little high level, I told us about the hypothermations and about the inability of the newspaper to correctly get the testimony.
The newspaper's returning.
Let me ask you this.
Did you object to any open hearings by Senator McCus's committee?
No.
Never did.
That's my knowledge.
Just the cold hearings.
I'm afraid of them.
I think we're entitled to a yes or no answer to that question.
And the question is, did you ever object to an open hearing by Senator McCus's committee?
Oh, yes.
I'm in sixth November.
When we were having lunch in the secretary's office, and if it was supposed they would have open hearings on the fourth month matter,
when the matter, when the pattern, how they hearing the run was described, I think, to that.
Did you ever own any other opinion of the picture and open hearing of the McCus's committee and I for a yes or no answer to that question?
I remember no effect.
I know you like the yes or no, but I don't know that I'm trying to follow five to this effect.
There were two subjects when I opened hearing, one around November 24th, one on December 8th in Washington.
I have no recollection of having other cases.
Well, Mr. Adams, I want to see the search through memory now.
I have searched my memory in Mr. Jenkins for eight weeks on all facets of his matter and I'm telling you all I have.
I have been searching on this particular basis, so whether or not some several objectives except on November 6th to an open hearing by Senator Maccadie on Fort Mama.
During the luncheon on November 17th, there may have been discussions of the full open hearings.
I don't recall having objected to them at that time.
If it came quite obvious to us to be open hearings, we're going to occur.
I don't recall having any questions.
Did you want open hearings to add on the not particularly note here?
Did you object to open hearings to that?
I don't recall objecting in stuck-away as to a stuck-
I may have been told that open hearings were scheduled.
I may have been told we want this witness and this and the pattern we're going to establish is this and I may have expressed some irritation that I don't think this is fair.
It may have been a replacement of the things I said on November 6th, I do not specifically remember.
I will not deny that there were conversations about the open hearings because I had the job of supplying the only witnesses.
And the telephone call came to me regularly.
Did you have any preference to whether or not the censors had conduct an open-air closing hearings?
I don't think I had a preference.
No preference.
All right, farewell.
Now your attention, particularly as a closing hearing was, that the newspaper reported to not get the testimony in its proper life.
That's right.
Now you say that you have no preference between an open and a full hearing.
In an open hearing, Mr. Adam, you know that the press could be present and get it verbatim.
That is right. That is right.
So, does not that enjoy your serious, serious mounted cure from mouth-gating and offering the best committees that the objections of the games were to distortion by the newspapers of what actually transpired?
Doesn't it?
Has somebody said, I misjerk the rough out from under such a proposition?
You say you have no preference?
Well, I don't think so, sir.
And in an open hearing, now there wouldn't have been this distorted newspaper inauguration.
That is correct.
There would not have been.
And up to that time, I had never seen an open hearing here.
I'm being hearing you.
You have to vote, you have to vote, you have to vote, you have to stand and read that.
You have to read that as possible, Mr. Namibus, you're the plurable every time.
Rather than be my tenant.
There is now a vote on the floor of the Senate and the eight members of that body who are present in this room
and engage in the business of the hearing will must be for a few minutes, for the briefest,
for over to the floor of the Senate's vote.